

===== [00:00 – 10:00] =====
this computer. Okay, so I'm going to start with the marketing side, and then I sent you some questions in email. I did a lot of research and was tinkering with the estimator, and I went like real deep on that. So we'll come back to that later. Did you guys have a chance to look at this HTML file that I emailed out? If not, we're going to review it right now. No, I didn't have that for that. Okay, so what this is doing, this is going to describe, and I'm going to show it to you in just a second, the 11 workflows that we put together. Basically, speed to lead, confirm and remind, you know, no show recovery, try and get a review out of them afterwards, long-term nurture if they didn't, you know, stay involved or close. You know, the stale lead alert is, you know, nobody's reached out to this lead in 30 minutes, somebody get on it, because you definitely need speed to lead. The first speed to lead is like a within 60-second notification, like, hey, we got you, somebody's going to get to you soon, like within an hour. You want that within 30 minutes. The cancellation recovery, which is different from a no-show, that's like they intended to cancel. You know, what we do after we drop a quote, because we're pushing, we're not a one-call closed shop and be wary of them. I think I missed you. Can I have a, I'm going to just jump in real quick. I think it's important that what we need to do is make sure that they, we send out, I'd like to put together sort of a welcome to Perkins. So as soon as they get a lead, it's welcome to Perkins, and they get, it doesn't have to be a long video, but maybe it's a website, a landing page, maybe? Well, you weren't on the previous threads, so that was part of the homework that I gave to Tim, where we're going to go through that in a minute, is when we're going to go through these 11 workflows now, and this also explains it in summary, so you guys can come back to it. I don't expect you to log into the workflows and touch them, because it, you know, it's not something you're used to doing, and I would prefer not, like, you know, communicate with me. This describes what they do, and what I was looking for, you know, from Tim, and I said, I wanted to solidify this before you guys start paying for ads, is we're going to firm up all of the messaging that goes out, the exact thing you're talking about, like the welcome email, watch out for the one call closed, blah, blah, blah, and, you know, like wide metal roofings, the tits, whatever, right, and there's messaging via text and via email that's going to happen, right, and we also have the option, and I want you to think about it, because I think that it could help in your case. There are times when we may want to have AI automate a call to your customer. Now, there's a debate here. Some people may find that impersonal, and they may not like it, but, you know, I don't know how well, I think you just have Maria, right, as, like, your only follow-up person. Is that correct? Well, yeah, she books the, basically, she's booking the appointments, so she is in control of the schedule for all of us and books our appointments based on our availability, and they're in two-hour windows. So our appointments are all booked within two-hour windows for travel time, and customers that like to yap a lot and whatnot, or, like, really insane investigations. Generally, a commercial lead will book off for, like, a three- or four-hour time, if it's for, like, a commercial rear-off, just because there's so much that needs to be done for commercial. But she is the gatekeeper, and she's the one booking everything, and then what we do is we call when we're on the way. So we provide, like, an ETA. Okay, so we'll call the customer when we're on the way there. We'll be like, hello, Mr. Customer. I am currently 35 minutes away from your house. I'll be there soon. And, you know, if there's anything, any questions you have in the meantime, please let me know. Or if you have any questions about the process, please let me know. So basically, we just do a short call. Yes. So I got to check to see if we got the 10 DLC approved for you yet, but yes, you can send text automatically. So let's go into the first one real quick. Quick question. If you're talking about sending text, is that sending directly from my number, or is there kind of like a digital number that it would be for everybody? A self-perking drooping mock number or whatever. Yeah, it's hoopsin', right? No. It comes out of Twilio, and it would be a number that Gohi level controls so that we can see the messaging, and we can get into that in a second. So this is the first one. You know, we have a lead form that we send them to from Facebook, and we're not talking about the ads on Facebook yet. Hold that until later. We'll talk about creative. But when they do get in, we're going to check, you know, are they a renter or not, right? And it's real simple that, you know, if they're not, you know, polite renter response and just put, and do not contact tag on them, you know, we're done with them. But if they are a homeowner, you know, we add the appropriate tag for that, and because we do a lot based on tags for, you know, quick reference, we update the opportunity. And you can see what each of these actions are. I can go in and take it, like, what properties and values we're setting and whatnot. I don't want to get that deep. But, you know, what's the first instant SMS that goes out? Right now, it's, hi, first name. This is Tim with Birkins Roofing. Just got your request for a free roofing expansion. Grab a time that works. Here's a link to our booking calendar, or I'll call you right away, you know, and you can stop to opt out. So, like, is that fine? Yeah. I don't think, I'm going to tell you why, because it's not Tim from Birkins Roofing. It could be Marie. It could be Josh. It could be Tim. It could be Marco. It doesn't matter. It needs to be a person. It needs to be, it needs to be, it needs to be, it needs to be, like, your Alexa. Exactly. I think we should, we should give a name to the AI person, or, as opposed to actual Tim, because what happens is, and it has happened to me, and it has happened to Marco, and they just want to talk sometimes only to Tim. Yeah. So, Tim, Tim is actually texting them. They're like, no, I don't want to talk to you, and that's a problem. So, Tim is actually not available. Wow. They're, they're, they're not going to be able to get through to him directly, because his number's not on here, right? So, I think, this, this could work. That's what he's referencing. Right. That's what he's referencing that, because if they think it's Tim, they're going to try to, like, blow him up on the text, and they won't actually beat Tim. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I'd rather say, hey, this is, this is Pedro from Perkins, or, or Pepe, or whatever. Like, just, just a random name. Gavin. Everybody, Marie loves Gavin. Everyone, everyone loves fucking Gavin. Okay. So, hey, it's Gavin. You're a personal assistant at Perkins Roofing. Something like that, you know what I mean? Like, obviously, it's AI, and obviously, it's a robot. But, but the fact that if we give it a real name, they're expecting that real person to get them, and it doesn't work like that sometimes. Yeah. I mean, I, I understand. I mean, it could work both ways, though, in, in, in that, yeah, it could be annoying for the site, the reason that you're, you're citing, but it could also be to your benefit that they feel like, oh, shit, I got Tim. You know, like, let me, let me get the best of both worlds here. I think it's, hey, this is Tim, the owner, you know, Perkins Roofing, you know, looking, we, as we are, the Perkins family is looking forward to da, da, da, da, da, one of our, you know, one of my personally, you know, we can either say personally trained, personally whatever, you know, basically the Perkins family, and we can just sort of drive it that way, so nobody has a name, and, but it's Tim, the owner, introducing himself, and then I think immediately right after that, I think we're sending them to the website. Now, I think the idea is you send them a text of the Perkins website, but what do you want them to look at first? And I think that we should take from all of the library and create a landing page for this exact thing of almost like a synopsis of everything that you can offer quickly with a link to go read more. I think it depends on what, I think it depends on what they select. I mean, yeah, but I think that we should send them in the intake form. John, I sent you an example of that intake form that I had previously made on Google that nobody was ever filling out that are you supposed to send? Yep. And ideally, they would tell us what kind of customer they are from that, so we will learn about them a lot, and then we can find out what type of roof they're most interested in, so that whatever content comes next to them would be relevant to them, most relevant to them. Like, we can probably fit an email response to be tailored to, if they want a metal roof, tile roof, whatever. Great, I know you're looking at whatever. Yeah, it sends them the information based on what kind of roof they're most interested in and what kind of client they are. Is price the most important thing? Then we should probably kind of like back them up versus like, or send them things on, hey, like if they select on the intake form, it says, what's the most important to you? Performance, blah, blah, blah, price, but there's like 10 different options. Customer service, whatever. If price is the most important thing to them, then we can automatically have an email or a video come to them saying, hey, beware price, whatever quality costs or whatever, you know, a thing basically saying that price, the bottom line price is not always the bottom line price, and to be weary of people, be weary of the cheapest price.

===== [10:00 – 20:00] =====
And, you know, yada, yada. So my – and these are all good points to have. I want to just – I want to reel you in just a little bit because the more you ask up front, the better the quality, yes. But the more friction and less likely they are to continue. So, like, we want to have the least amount of information that we take up front. We can do that follow-up. Like, hey, you know, in preparation for your appointment, after they book the appointment, we can start maybe doing some of that engagement. Yes, educate them beforehand because we want them to be familiar enough with our brand and with how we do things and watch a video or whatever of me before we come out so that they already know, hey, these guys are A1. You know what I mean? Right, right. So I am – I'm going to actually invite Vlad because he says – He's already here. Vlad is so fast. Vlad is so fast that he was already on as you were discussing inviting him. Vlad is actually AI. Like, it manifests in human form. I was going to say human intelligence, but I have a funny story about that, but I'll save it for what I'm not being recorded. So, yeah, going back to the process, I would say let's do – like, if we can, you know, maybe ask some of these nurturing questions, pre-appointment would be better, but not – I'm sorry. Pre-appointment, not pre-booking of the appointment, like, between the two. The educational videos, yes. I would expect that people will probably not engage. You know, like, they're just like, I booked my appointment, whatever. I'll deal with you when you get here. But the more we send, the better, you know, subconsciously. It's creating brand. It shows that we're on it. You know, there might be people who are interested. I mean, those – the ones who do fill this out, the ones who do watch the videos are your ideal customers. Those are the ones you're going to have a higher closing rate on, right? Yep. All right. So, now we get to the first email, right? And, you know, I want to get you guys access to this. You do have access. Maria does not. I need to get her email address and a phone number, her cell phone, and I'll add her as a user so that she can come in. And you said she's already had experience with this. We'll talk about calendar configuration later. We'll get you guys all synced up and try and make it as easy as possible for Maria. And I'll give her my direct number so that, you know, if she has any technical issues with scheduling and whatnot, we can work it out. You know, it's not an issue. But this is the first email. We put together, you know, a formatted email, your logo. It looks pretty. Hey, you know, here's what's happening next. You know, pick a time. We inspect, whatever. So, like, I want you to read the contents of all of these messages. Make sure that we're sending the right signaling out. You know, we wait an hour, and then we're going to send them another follow-up. You know, like, hey, you know, did you book? Like, here's your, you know, here's the calendar link again. And then, you know, we wait a day, and then we're going to send out, here's our, you know, and we need to format this one to match the first one. But the same thing. This is the messaging. This is, like, coaxing the booking process in this particular thread. So, I mean, I can take you through each and every one of these, but this is the ultimate homework. I need you guys to agree and approve on, approve the messaging that we're sending, make sure we're all in sync in how we're doing this. Like I said, there are 11 workflows, which is very comprehensive on the automated messaging. Let me go back. So, that's the initial one, and I'm going to just take a quick, you know, I think we should rename this more of, it's not necessarily speed to lead. This is, you know, nurturing appointment booking, because this is pre-booking. The appointment, go ahead. So, speed is very important. This is why we want to emphasize that, because the reaction to the click is what is important. We should reach out to the customer immediately, because there is a model, and you're aware about that model. The faster you react, the higher chance you get the customer. Correct. But we'll talk about the process offline. This is, when we say speed to lead, usually it's they have booked, and we're sending them a confirmation message to say, you know, thank you, we're going to get back to you in an hour for the confirmation call from a real person. So, the way that that flow is, it's kind of like pre-booking and getting them to book, whereas speed to lead usually takes place post-book. And it's because the term lead and appointment get interchanged when they shouldn't. A lead is, they gave us information, but they did not book an appointment. An appointment, obviously, is they booked the appointment. Then, you know, you have whether or not they showed at the appointment. We'll talk about that later as we go. So, where's the link so that we can research this? I was looking for the preparing for the marketing meeting. Is it, I don't see it in that thread. Are you looking for the link to log into the CRM, or are you looking for the HTML attachment that I sent out? Is that what it is? It's an HTML attachment. I didn't know if there was a link to log in to see the works. So, this part is an HTML attachment that explains what all the workflows are. This part with the CRM, which I'll take you back to the beginning. Okay, so we can access this directly through the CRM. You can access this, the workflow. So that we can read and approve. Yes, yes. So, I didn't explicitly send you a link because I sent you all invites to the CRM. So, there is a, it's just crm.degenito.ai. You log in with your email address, and you should have all set a password. I think you're all approved. If not, I can always send you a reset and invite you. But that's, yeah, okay. I'll re-invite all of you guys if you haven't been approved. You know what? I'll send you a summary email of how to log in. Okay. But, yeah, you can just go to crm.degenito.ai. It's go high level under the hood, and you can absolutely. And, in fact, let me show you how to get there while we're here. When you log in to Perkins Roofing, you're going to have this sidebar menu. It might be collapsed. It's this automations menu icon here. Now, you know, it is versioned. I want you to read, but please do not change. At least notify us if you are making any changes because, you know, Vlad put a huge amount of effort into setting all this up. And what I did is I numbered them in the names because the text here did not exactly line up with the text that's in this document. So these numbers are your key to associate what we're talking about in terms of flow because this is what breaks it down, how each flow works, you know, what's going on, what the objective is. We're not getting, you know, very explicit in terms of the body of the message or the email. You know, that's why you're going to log in and be like, okay, let's click on this one and see what happens. And you can kind of see the logic and, like, okay, what's the text message? Every time you see it, it says, like, SMS, renter, reply, boom, here's the message. If you change it, just let me know. You know, like, I don't care about you changing the text. If you change anything out here in the workflow, definitely let us know. That's the part, like, I don't want you breaking any of these lines or adding these. Oh, yeah, I know. I don't even want to touch anything. I don't think everybody's going to touch it. I'll probably look at it. But I'll tell you what we want instead of just touching it. Perfect, perfect. I mean, you can click on it, you can see the message, and we can change it from there. We'll handle all of that for you. Same thing. Here's the email. And we'll make them all consistent, you know, because, like, this is beautiful for this first one. We need to do that on the second one, et cetera. Okay. So that's kind of, like, the big portion of it. I can go through each and every one of these. I don't know if you want to give me these now, but you need to give them to me real soon. Like, we need to dedicate some, you know, like an hour or two of your guys' internal time. We'll do it tomorrow. You'll do it tomorrow? Okay. Yeah, Marco and I are meeting anyway. So, and so is Chris. So, worst case scenario, we'll all do it in person and then write you a response to, like, any changes we would request or whatever. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. And you can call me. I'm around. I'm more than happy to be pulled in as needed. Okay. And, all right. So, that part's taken care of. So, now, I'll go through the rest of this, but basically, it's for just each stage. And you guys already have go high-level experience, so I'm not going to get into, you know, opportunities and contacts. Like, you understand how all that works. You know, Vlad, one of the big things is they didn't want us using Tim's name on the messaging. We'll let them confirm that tomorrow because everybody wants to talk to Tim. He's, you know, the guy in the videos. He does all the things. Yeah, they might just start chatting the thing and not even realize, and then they might get mad if I don't respond to them. Right, right. No, it's totally fair. It's totally fair. Yeah, we will. Yeah. They might be like, oh, man, that Tim guy's actually an asshole. He didn't get back to me. Right? Yeah, it's totally fair. Yeah. So, get that together, okay? And then, let's talk a little bit about your ad creative. I'm sure you're getting ads from Roofing.

===== [20:00 – 30:00] =====
companies and on like Instagram and other ones like messages all the time okay um what but we are going to create video well we got two options here um either you can produce your own ads which you are very comfortable being in front of a camera and and you know the the selfie perspective thing is definitely a type of ad that works well um you know Vlad um had come across some great content I think Vlad if you could if you could share that out about like the seven different types of ads like user generated versus podcast style versus you know like selfie style and whatnot uh that might might also give them some perspective we have found with the like windows and doors and roofing in the past that the user generated content kind of uh a self like testimony like these guys were great we can ai generate the avatars that do that um it's up to you if you want to do that um you know like what I what I usually caution people against is don't sell yourself sell your audience the biggest problem that I I run into is like yeah you're saying some great information and you're selling me as an engineer and I love all the logical shit you're saying but the average person out there doesn't right they want you know most of them are probably going to be price conscious how fast you can get there and why you're the best you know it's like the three things off the top of my head right so and and we know that those are some of the things that we don't necessarily want to attack right is because we don't want to be a race to the bottom and compete against the people out of the back of a truck in Hialeah right so we you know we definitely need to create that distinction so having the right messaging that is you know building trust a great call to action short not technical not deep because these are not your youtube people who want to learn understand and get their hands in it like you have some great users so you said that you can ai generate testimonials like a person saying yeah yeah is there any way is there any way that we could just literally have them we could take our google reviews and then just say here's all the perkins riffin google reviews uh give me 10 different people doing testimonials based on like some of these it's totally doable here's the problem with that if the person you have to you have to get some kind of uh permission from the person who actually left the review so they will be visualized or we have to take it so if we create a person that doesn't exist that is using a similar review it will have i mean they're they're we're skirting the line on some issues that were recently ruled on like you cannot create fake reviews right that that's a thing right but you are we are using your review material that people like it has happened you are in business but we are creating an ai avatar and we may put in very light lettering at the bottom this is an ar avatar and representation that nobody's ever going to see or read especially if they're scrolling by on their phone yeah so you know we we can put those disclosures in there for compliance but i think it's better if we invent a person that doesn't exist and use the reviews that make sense because it's not just the reviews right because like not everybody gives a shit it's what's going to be the call to action to get that that's what i'm saying is not to use it verbatim but to just you could you could take the information that people said and just say uh use this information and spit out some some reviews without copywriting it or whatever like not taking their actual information just uh take the average of what they're saying right right okay so we will source your reviews i mean i i have tried to get testimonies from people nobody wants to go on camera that's the biggest problem even when i'm at their house like filming my videos they'll be like make sure you don't get me like i don't want to be in it don't get me like they'll be like this right right i get that but it was like seven minutes long and it wasn't a good angle so if i if i give it to you gotta take my belly away give marco a six-pack you'd be surprised what we could do with ai um exactly they have ai assisted only fans models just to tell you how advanced i've seen that where there's like a guy i need to make 20 accounts of that i'm monetizing it yeah there'll be like a dude with a motion capture suit on it oh yeah you get to the gutter fast here i doubt even the ones for the roof um okay so we'll put together a couple of them if you have any ideas and like maybe we'll put together a couple of samples while you're having that meeting and maybe we could reconvene wednesday or thursday so i because i want to nail this out and get started i think i think we could definitely i think it'd be really easy to talk about like to just train it to be like hey uh perkins roofing did a great job they were clean they were fast they did what they said they were going to do they showed up every day when they said they were going to show up which are like the most important thing is to hit for a contractor and then be like and tim taught me about or josh taught me about clay tiles no no other contractor taught uh even mentioned clay tiles to me because that's the thing we get all the time or uh tim tim actually taught me about the differences between the metal panels i went with the uh crimp standing scene panel and all the other bids were for were for snap lock i didn't even know the difference until tim kim taught me like stuff like that so we we we are big fans of ab campaigns right so we should generate two and run them in parallel right so we can do one that is more around the brand and you and how you provide your service and maybe we do one that because you said metal's blowing up and everybody's got an interest in metal right now yeah we do like a very metal centric ad you know that you all they for exactly like what you just said i can't even repeat that but yeah like something along those lines recorded exactly exactly um so and if there's any other details like that like i don't i don't want to be technical in an ad but i do want to say we saw a difference in price and we didn't understand it until tim explained it and there's a reason and you should you should hear him out because he makes it clear to understand and you got to understand your contractor and don't get screwed you know something professional right so and then we could run those ads and see which ones work better yeah yeah it'd just be simply some ai guy saying i thought a metal roof was a metal roof until tim from perkins roofing explained to me the difference between the panels and i not and that helped me understand that the other quotes that i was getting were just the cheapest kind of metal and that's not what i wanted that's not what i thought i was going to be paying for when i decided that i want the best type of roof a metal roof right something like that so yeah i mean which is dumbed down like simplified right yeah i don't know if you want to work in the whole salinity thing yeah well i have a couple videos on youtube that are like pending right now for different types of metal roof videos we can always they should already be in the thing in the uh because as soon as i upload it it goes in right into the chat into the ai video log thing it's supposed to i might not have the cron job turned on to do that but it should okay yeah there's a couple new so there's a couple new ones that i put on there that i just did within the last couple weeks on this topic and i'm sure that we could have ai like have an ai say this like a kindergartner or something like that you're right yeah like you can just say you can say like explain this explain what tim says in these videos at a kindergarten level or something like that as a ai testimonial okay perfect perfect um all right so we'll work on that so let's say we get everything nailed down in terms of what we're going to generate and do by like wednesday or thursday um it's going to probably take us let's say three to five days which is what's normal uh when i farm out the content development uh to get you know before we we start running the first ad campaign when do you officially want to start we need chris because the point is is that we're going to be using these ads for training him and felipe so he had told me previously august 1st is when he's going to be completely out of that other company and focusing on this and he's not here so we need to confirm that with him that august 1st is still his oh i'm pretty sure that's in like a week so i'm pretty sure he is yeah i don't i don't know i don't know because he he was telling me like a like a few weeks ago august 1st was his target date but i don't know if that's still the case because basically he was telling me that he doesn't want to leave these people high and dry he's trying to finish some stuff with them before he is fully out and focused on this um but we definitely want to make sure that he and felipe are going to be ready and focused because the point is not just for us to get sales right the point is also then we're creating training ground for chris and his guy felipe to work on also getting sales so they can actually learn how we do things um so yeah because i mean that's that's why we're splitting the cost on this because like we'll be made we're gonna make money together but the goal is not just to make the money but also for them to get trained and that we can all work on developing a system that we'll be able to use for all the perkins franchises moving forward right right

===== [30:00 – 40:00] =====
Yeah. Okay. Vlad, was there any other topics that you wanted to address that we missed? Probably not. The only one thing, I don't know if you talked about that or not, is that set up for the SMS messages. The 10 DLC. Yeah, I told him I need to check to see if we were approved. I don't know if we were approved yet. Okay. Okay. This is it. I have a question, John. So if we're going to be using that, that means that we need to download the Go High Level app on our phones and start using that instead of our regular phone? No, not necessarily, because we can synchronize your calendars into your phone. No, no, the text messaging part. If you wanted to message them through the app, but you could technically just message them directly, I mean, you can also download the app, and you can message them either through the app or grab their contact information and just text them like you normally would. It's just because we have conversations with multiple clients, and then if they're getting a text from one number and a text from another number, and then we're doing text chats during the work, it's going to be a ton of numbers. So I don't know if you would just recommend that we just all use that app to communicate with the client and that's it? Nah, bro, I'm just going to use my regular phone, and if they ask who that is, I'm just going to say, that's one of the office lines. You could do that. So I'll give you the pros and cons. The ease of use of using your own phone and not having to go through the app is obviously one benefit. The upside of going through the app is all communications are centralized and everybody knows what's going on. But you guys pretty much run autonomously and don't have back and forth and handoff as far as I understand it. So if you did have handoff or one person goes the first time, somebody else is going a second time, whatever, centralized communication so that everybody can see what's going on is ideal. If that's not the case and not important, fuck it, do it however you want. Yeah, yeah. Josh, if you had a bunch of Ryans under you and you had to manage what they're doing, then that would make sense. But you don't, so there's no point because you're going to be running yourself. So it's like that would make sense if you had like five estimators under you and all their job was to do is get leads or all their job is to do is go look at jobs, but they're not actually doing the whole sales process. The way that we operate is that the sales person takes the lead all the way through until it hits the operations. So it's not really necessary to do that because we have one person in charge of the entire sale all the way through. Whereas other roofing companies, they might have a lead getter and then they have an estimator who goes and looks at the job and then there's the actual guy in the office is the one doing the pricing and it's like three different people are touching every single lead. We don't have that problem. Right. Yeah, usually there's an appointment setter, an appointment confirmer. Then you've got the person who is, which is usually the day before the appointment, then you get the actual initial salesperson and they only get one crack. Then you have a fourth person that's considered the rehash department that tries to sell them after. So that's when, you know, if you had something like that in play, that's when it would matter the most. Okay, so we're good there. 10 DLC, Vlad and I will verify. We'll come back to you if we have any questions. We just need to check process. Twilio sometimes just takes a few days on that. I know you got us the EIN number and we're, I think we should be good, but we got to double check. I don't want to do that while we're recording. No, I mean, this is it. This is the last step. That's it. We're done. It is done? Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, so I'm going to stop here on advertising unless you guys have any other questions or topics. Okay. So on estimating, I just sent you an email like an hour or two ago, Tim, with a bunch of questions. And I was, this was a little harder because some stuff is missing. Even though we covered a lot of information, some stuff was missing. In fact, let me stop this share. Yeah, we can go through some of that now just to answer any questions I can offer, answer offhand, and then you can always record. Well, we're recording now. We're still recording. I'm actually going to go into my sentite. It was a pretty lengthy email. Yeah, I saw. I read like the first paragraph and I was like, I'm not going to have time to read all of this before the meeting. Of course not. Of course not. So I figured we'd just go through it. You got it. I want to make sure we had it all. Yeah. So if you look at the pricing rules, maybe that's a great place to start. This is how we build the price. And if this makes sense. So I got a lot of them pretty close. I would say right now, you know, and this email was written by AI. I did not because I kept doing all this other shit and I'm like just, you know, so this is not the way I write. AI was very thorough. But it did get like 83% landed within one day by estimating my overhead by day. And 59% was within a half a day. I know you don't really do half days, but it was just kind of, you know, seeing that from a measurement standpoint. Two things that I wanted to clarify. One, you said you want to make $2,500 per week, you know, when you're out there. So if it was a eight day job, you want a minimum of $5,000 margin built in regardless, right? Yeah, pretty much. $4,500, $5,000. So like if it's, if it's a one and a half weeks, then like we can discount that a little bit. But the point being is that if we're mobilizing out there and we're taking liability and if it's a two week job, then we probably want to make at least like five grand. So, but the minimum should be $2,500. So like I said, even if we're doing a six square house, it only takes one day. We want to make $2,500 bucks because it's just not worth the liability to make less than that because any insurance claim is like a $5,000 deductible right off the bat. So, right, right. So now, and do you have a five day work week, six or seven day work week? Five, Monday through Friday. We do work Saturdays sometimes, but we don't count those as work days. So basically the way we count work days is 20 days per month. So we, so the way our overhead is cut up is we have our monthly fixed overhead. Like for my branch is like 28 grand, for their branch is like 85 grand. And we just divide that by 20 work days and that's basically where our overhead numbers are coming from. Okay, good. Good. That helps. I, I, I figured you did stuff on Saturday and I was trying to do this based on like six days and like things, things just weren't lining up. So yeah. And Saturdays we, we use more as like a catch up day or it's like, Hey, clean up this or whatever. Like, so we're not trying to get like full work days out of most Saturdays unless it rain, like we lose a day because of rain or something. And we're like, okay, we lost Wednesday rain the whole day. We couldn't get anything done. So we got to make it up for it on Saturday. So there's also like a profit per square, right? And it's like, if you only have one square, it's like 400, two to four was 200. So it came up with this pricing tier and we, and it also considers your weekly floor of 2,500 onsite per week. Yes. So that like, that like profit thing per square is like an old thing that I used to use before I really like nailed it down even more. So that's more like a loose table, that little table on the calculators. So I should probably not consider that. Like let's not have duplicate mechanisms. Yeah, I would, I would just eliminate it for simplification. It's more important to just get the days. That's the most important thing when it comes to overhead and figuring out profits. So, and then percentage, like I said, you have the profit sliding scale on there now. So if we are using the days to figure overhead and then we can just use the slider for profit percentage with a minimum 2,500, then that's basically it. So I would just, I would just literally just say, like if you want to simplify it as much as possible, 2,500 minimum and then use the sliding scale to figure out your percent, whatever you want to charge. Okay. I mean, that does, that does make it a lot easier because I was trying to account for all of these details and I think it got, On the profit, keep it simple. Just 2,500 with the sliding scale for percentage and that'll do the trick on the profit. The overhead is more complicated because overhead is an expense and so we really need to nail down. So overhead is something where it's like, we need to make sure we get that and we have our days accounted for because if we're off, if you're off by a day, like you're going to lose money then. Like if you're, if you, if you finish early by a day, great, you made money. But if you are off by a day, your whole profit is going to go out the window to pay for your missed data. Basically. Yep. Right. Okay. So that's why we, with the overhead part, like where it mentions, I think it said 83% success. We really need to get probably closer to like 95 or higher on the overhead for accuracy. And if you need me to send you more houses, I can. If you need more than the 30 I sent over as an example, because overhead, I kind of mentioned this to you and I mentioned it, I think in the email, when I sent that over is you might see variances and variances are not just based on cuts, but also on how many stories the roof is. Or if there's a back roof that has very poor access or something like accessibility matters, or if it's like three stories, even more so. And then the pitch also. So like a six on 12 pitch on a two story is going to be slower because it's more dangerous to work on than a six on 12 pitch on a one story. Because if you fall off a one story, you're probably not going to die. You might like twist your ankle or break a leg or something, but you're probably not going to die. On a two story, in six on 12, if you fall off, you're toast. So you're going to work slower because you're paying a lot more attention and being more careful about not falling off the roof.

===== [40:00 – 50:00] =====
So, right. No, that's good to know. But I don't think we have like a checkbox or some input field. And that's something that I need to consider. Yeah, that's what I'm wondering on the if like how smart is the measurement system? If it's two story or multiple story, how smart is it to figure that out? And something I can do to John is I can go back to the spreadsheet I already sent you and add a column for one story or two story. And I can add a column for pitch if you think that will help the machine. The more we can break out because like the next step to get the ultimate accuracy, if you will, is instead of using your comments, we put together a separate sheet that we can reference in the formula. So like if they drop down and the value equals this, go to this other sheet and use this specific value as opposed to just reading the comment and doing it. So it performs a calculation that lines everything up. Right. Perfect. Did you input all the RUFAR reports with the spreadsheet? So I had it read all of the RUFAR. I didn't input shit. I had it read all of them and save those measurements. And I had it run them. And that's how I was able to get to the degree of accuracy that I was. OK. So those have the pitch on them. The RUFAR sheets have the pitches. Right. Yeah. They don't tell the stories. So the A.I. would have to be smart enough to assume if there's a section A and a section B and one has an overhang over the other, it would have to be smart enough to assume that it's multiple stories. I don't know if it is. So I put the stories on there and then it might make it smarter. I don't know. Well, it's not so much the A.I. needs to be smarter. I think that the interface may need to be modified to say how many stories and, you know, like and maybe type of building so we can take that into consideration and build rules around it. And I think, you know, there was something where A.I. is like, you know, Tim promised notes on a column. And I don't remember where he is. I got to go back and find it. You know, like anything that adds context to help it understand would be better. Everything that I sent you in that sheet was all residentials. I did send a couple of commercial ones separately, but the ones on that on that sheet with all the roof bars were all residential houses. I'd like to get some more repairs. I didn't get any repairs. Yes. So on the repairs, remember, we mentioned that's all going to be based on time and then a material input. So basically for the repair quotes, it's just going to be how many days of work, how many guys. And then what how much money and materials do you need to do these repairs? Basically, is it going to be the easiest way to do the repairs? Great. But also send me some output proposals so that I can show you what they look like. OK. And let me show you. I think I created a couple of them here. So this was one and we could change it. Give me give me feedback. This is in the email. You all have this. We have a roofing proposal. If you know, there's a button here to review and accept right from within the PDF. You know, I got the scope of work section in here, what the payment schedule looks like. Some of this information, like how the price was built, I think was pretty cool. You got to tell me, you know, what we want to put in here. Some of it is controlled by a debug flag. So what I mean by that is in order for me to figure shit out, I have it output extra information and tell me, like, how it came to this conclusion at this particular point. And we can remove that. So this is going to be, you know, verbose. And it might like, you know, the PM incentive is not something the customer ever needs to see. Right. Yeah. We usually don't want to show them any of the back end stuff. We don't even, yeah, we usually don't even want to show them any of the back end stuff. So, like I said, some of this is debug that I put in there specifically for me and you to, or when I say you, I mean all of you, to see how we came to these conclusions. And, you know, we can obviously gut it. I'll turn off debug and regenerate it. But I wanted you to see, like, all right, I recreated this quote, and here's how I got here. Because that's how, you know, just to make sure the math is right and make sure that we're doing all the things that you wanted. So, like, here, there's excessive explanation here that would probably never, is not going to be on here. You know, the RUFAR measurements, I have, like, I went super, super verbose. And, you know, we created a couple of them. And some of them I was able to get to line up. Some of them I was pretty divergent on. Oh, and one point that I wanted to go back to in terms of estimating, we probably should add an inaccessible or difficult accessibility for loading checkbox and, like, what that price difference is when you get there. Because I noticed we don't have that anywhere, but we did discuss it. And AI is not going to be able to make that determination. I don't think it's going to be able to make that determination. So let's have that as a checkbox. Okay. I agree with that. And then something, do you want me to, when I go back through the spreadsheet, all those RUFARs that I send you are jobs that I've quoted. So I can send you my price. Then that way we can actually double check back against what the AI got on all those. Yeah. And then maybe have it come back to itself and, like, grade itself or whatever. And that's what I've been doing. I've been having to read everything in and generating, you know, a price. So I kind of want you to do, you know, a spot check, run a couple of them through, like, what I've got so far. And let's find some of those more complicated ones where there's, like, an overhang that's, you know, covering the below part that we need to worry about or, you know, the extra story or, you know, the inaccessible part. Like, let's find those edge cases and make sure that the estimator has the fields necessary to say, okay, we need to add for this. Yeah. Okay, cool. I did send you some really cut up houses. So, yeah, I did send some pretty complicated ones in there on purpose. Yeah. No, it was a fun challenge to digest that, let me tell you. Yeah. But, yeah, I mean, but you can see the formatting, even though we're showing a little bit more than we want to at the moment, this is a lot nicer than the last time. Oh, and, Josh, what you owe me from the last meeting was your scope of work, templates, and prompts. So, let me switch over and stop sharing for a second. Yeah, remember, the good is going to be protector, better is going to be preferred, and then the best is going to be premium or coastal, depending on if they're on the coast or not. Yeah, so sometimes there's four tiers if they're on the coast. So, it's almost like good, better, best, coastal. Yeah. Yeah. So, then, I mean, that needs to be a checkbox, then, if we include coastal, if they're close enough. Yeah, which is going to be determined based on that other tool. Did you fix that little bug, by the way, for that thing? Because I didn't get an email from you about it. For the salt, for the salinity, the water salinity or whatever? I did, but I didn't test it. So, I'm going to say I didn't, because I didn't test it to confirm it. And what I, because I had it converted into a WordPress plug-in to create, you know, a page in WordPress for that. But I got to test it, to be honest with you. Okay. So, that's basically what will tell us if they should be doing coastal or not. Okay. On any type of roof. So, even if it's not a metal roof, like shingle or metal, if they're within that area, they should be putting on, like, aluminum metals and stuff, like, accent metals and stuff like that. Instead of steel. Right. So, I'm going to say use this for estimates. So, here I created a scope of work section. Josh, this is, I'm doing one more modification to this where we can have, like, a template for scope of work, if that makes, if it makes sense. Something I wanted to discuss with you guys. Like, do you have templates for scopes of work that we should save? They're all in notify. They're in notify. Yeah. Okay. I think we may have discussed that. Yes. If it can just scrape it all through a notify, even, like, skylights, I would use my notify, because I think we talked about this last time. I update my catalog all the time, way more than Josh does. And usually, like, I'll even say, hey, copy and paste this into your notify if I change something. Sometimes I'll even forget. So, I would scrape my notify just because I know it's more updated as far as, like, accent items. And then that also has the breakdown for protector versus preferred versus premium for every different type of roof. So, that has all that stuff in there. So, I'm going to need. Including, like, adding skylight, like, a skylight or a solar vent or, like, doing a chimney, whatever. Like, there's just different things that we do. It has breakdowns of all that kind of stuff in there, which is why notify is nice, because since it's already pre-written, you just type in, like, one letter or two letters, and then it'll auto-populate the entire scope of work on it. It's a drop-down menu with the different scopes. But repair is easy, because you're going to put repairs when I give you the drop-down menu. Yeah, and it's different types of repairs. Basically, there's a shingle tile, metal, flat. There's all just different types of repairs on there. So, if you look on the screen, I know some of you are on your phones. I did. There's re-roof or repair. So, you click repair. You still have a scope of work. Also, you know, because I was, you know, you're going to have those templates. You can tell, you know, how does this differ, and then rewrite with AI so that it can fix it for you, and you obviously have to proof it. But here, you know, what is the type of roof that we're doing a repair on? I...

===== [50:00 – 60:00] =====
I put in these four types, metal tile, shingle flat, you know, days, crew size, and then material costs, and that should basically capture everything you said. Can you do one for fun, just a shingle, one day, one guy, $500? Yeah, I haven't actually done that in scope of work. Does that look right, $1,685? Yes. All right, so I'll create it. Yeah, that's the cost, though. That's without profit, right? Yeah. Is it? Yeah, that's the cost. So the $1,185 is the labor cost per day, so this is what your repair cost is. Okay. Let me see. Proposals. Yeah, it still says $1,685, so we need to add into that estimate. The profit slider, basically. Yep, we'll add a profit slider into that, no problem. Yeah. Cool. And what is the minimum profit on a repair that we have to add in for the service call to go out? We have a minimum of a $500 charge. That's not necessarily a profit, though. So I would just put $250. That'll fly. The other thing on the repair stuff is that we have what we call maintenance that we do that generally falls under repairs. So anything that is maintenance when you're going through the NOFI should be on the repair classification. So when you go through my NOFI, just scrape the whole catalog. Anything that says repair and maintenance should fall under the repair category, and then the re-roof is under re-roof. Does that make sense? Yeah, but if we're doing this from scratch and we're doing it organized, actually, why don't you just create another tab that says maintenance, and then now we have three organized tabs based on what they are? We can. I mean, I feel like maintenance and repairs will be priced the same way, so do we necessarily need to have another tab for that? I don't know that maintenance doesn't even have material. It's just gas and water, for example, on a pressure cleaning. Depending on the maintenance. If you're doing, like, silicone maintenance, then you need a bucket of silicone. If you're doing shingle maintenance, then you need a bucket of bowl. If you're doing tile maintenance, you need replacement of tiles. Say that again, Josh? I'm just saying, like, I'm thinking of simplicity of a new recruit. I'm like, well, it's easier. If it's maintenance, click on maintenance. If it's repair, click on repair. If it's a re-roof, click on re-roof. I think repairs and maintenance kind of fall under the same. I could change the label to say repair slash maintenance if it's going to be the same. Yeah, it's going to be priced the same way. So from a programming standpoint, you know, we never do the same thing twice. We write functions whenever we have to do something twice. It's kind of the same logic that Tim just had. If there's no difference, let's just change the label and let it all fall under that and kind of – because, you know, less is more. You know, with how complex this is and the number of variables you guys have already, less is more. I agree. I agree. Because more costs more. Yeah. I agree. Okay. So those were the big things on the articles. I also – I did a lot of testing. I'm going to have to follow up with Wendy. I addressed all of her bullshit. You know, there was definitely some posture going on. Like, you know, they poo-pooed any of the AI stuff. And I'm like, listen, you know, before you get offended, SEO is really irrelevant. You know, like everybody – you got AI at the top of Google, right? Then you got the ads. Then you got, you know, the Google My Business where they're showing the recommended other roofing companies around you. And then you got the curated shit of, like, what other people are searching for. Then you have the search engine results that nobody's clicking on anymore. So, you know, like, you shouldn't knock the AI stuff I'm telling you to focus on when that's kind of where it's going. You know, that's what – you know, like, what decade are you guys operating in? It's very pre-COVID with their strategy. So, you know, I did take care of that. I'll pick any one of those. Let's go with the first one. And I also gave you an option to change images where, like, it just pulled out a slice. You can go to the video. You can pick an exact second to extract a frame and use that as the title image for the article. You know, and I went ham. I made sure everything was fucking perfect so that she didn't have a leg to stand on for shit. And, you know, view the live post. This is it live right now. So, like, the – and so, you know, you're in a garage. You didn't give me a lot to work with here. You can tell that your arm is down here and your arm is up here, two different images, but they look kind of the same. You know, like, I don't – so you've already filmed all of your content. You've got a ton of content. But maybe going forward, you know, let's see if we can – Hold the ball of visions. Yeah, either different locations, like, you know, some more meat to work with. You know, I don't know how we can use this. I want to think about it. Like, if I can get the drone footage that you said you've got a ton of. Pretty much every video has drone footage. I think every video, except for, like, the first, like, five have some – even those ones. I think they all have drone footage somewhere in them. That's just AI not extracting the videos. Maybe. And I'll be honest. I don't go through – you have so much. I'm not going through it. I know. Every video, the intro, I usually have, like, 30 seconds of just AI – or drone footage with music or whatever. Oh, that's pretty cool. And then I have, like, an intro, and it just says, like, wherever they're at, Miami, Florida, by Perkins roofing, and then it shows the title screen, and then it goes into wherever we're at. So even the ones that I do from home, which are generally – if I'm doing it in my garage, usually it's because I'm doing, like, some loom shit or something also on the computer to show, like, hey, here's the uplift codes or whatever. I'm, like, literally showing how to do this. Those ones, I still have drone video at the beginning and the end of the video. Okay. So then I will go back to the prompt and see if I can tell it to just extract, you know, beautiful home pictures. Yeah, exactly. Take drone images or images of houses or whatever. Take pretty stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I also focused a lot on metal roofs for articles as the initial stuff being published and that I was testing with. You know, just because you said it's blowing up, like, let's get that out there first. So I did one pillar and, like, two cluster articles for a couple hundred. I do need to switch the billing because soon we're going to run out of credit with Google, and it's on my Amex right now, and I need it to not be. Yep. So I don't know when you want to handle that. If you want to call me separately and I can take down card information and just update Google, if that's okay with you. Yeah, Marie can hook you up with that. Okay. Email me her contact information. You can send me an email or whatever, and she'll send you an email. Okay. I'll tell her to text me the card information because I don't like that going over email. Yeah. Cool. How does that work, John, like, for the charges on the Google thing? So I will be able to better answer that question for you when I turn on the BigQuery function, and it'll tell you what your charges are right here. It's Google Spend. I've got to enable the BigQuery billing. I haven't done that yet. Okay. I just thought, like, can we put a budget on it? Yes, I recommend we can set a budget. What I would recommend is set a budget of $200 per month and have it email you when you reach 50%, 80%, 90%, and 95%. I believe we can configure those tiers. At a minimum, 50% is a good one. On another project that I'm working on, I got my first email notification at July 26 that I hit 50% of my monthly spend for $200. The exact same formula on this other project that I'm about to release. So, you know, it is going to be a couple hundred dollars a month, I expect, but I'll give you better cost analysis. This is actually a far less complicated project, ironically. You're going to have a big expense up front, and when I say big, it's probably going to be, you know, like $200, $300, $400 in compute for the initial priming of the pump with articles and generating thousands and thousands of them. After that, we're going to do, like, $0.10 a day, right? So there will be some compute there. You're probably looking at, like, $0.60, $0.70 a day. You know, you're paying for the hosting and everything else here, so there's compute there. But I can't imagine it being more than $200 a month after the initial priming of the pump. Okay, when are we going to be ready for this thing to go live? Great question. When would you like me to – because I need the Crypt Keepers to just be okay with me. They wanted to see one or two articles before I went, you know, full bore. Yep. Should we have a follow-up meeting with them, then make sure they're good to go, and just do it? Yeah, yeah. I'll go ahead and send them the invite. I'll send it to Wendy. And I'll let them come in and take a look around. And then I'll do that tomorrow because I'm running out of tokens. Great question. Why – at this point, with everything that we're doing, and I'm not trying to be rude, and I'm trying to be, like, understand who's doing what. Why do we need them for right now if this is doing everything they're doing automatically? So she said that go ahead – in the last meeting, go ahead and automate everything with the articles because they're focusing on other things. And honestly – so I did go through, and there was a long email probably nobody else read except –

===== [60:00 – 70:00] =====
where I said, look, you know, we don't have the full details, and the full details that they're looking for are very low value, like who the project manager was, why they needed to get their roof, you know, looked at. Like, there's only one of four reasons, right? It's a new one. It needs to be redone because it's 15 years. There's a leak, or we're remodeling, right? I don't think there's another reason beyond that. I don't think anybody else needs a reason beyond that. Well, insurance is the every 15-year thing, right? Yeah, pretty much, yeah. Right? So, you know, but who the project manager was and, like, some of the – I'm like, what AI did you go to that gave you this ridiculous list of things that you need to come up with to just have filler content? Because if you need a project portfolio, which is what she said this is for, I'm like, yeah, I'll just automate that. So what do we need them for? Tim doesn't want to piss off his neighbors. It's the only thing I got. I'm just thinking, like, a lot of these things are automatically, like we are substituting them. And besides that, at the same time, like, your work is going to require a lot of new building. All they're doing, Josh, all they're doing is basically website maintenance at this point and then the company cam bullshit that is linking the photos from company cam over to Google. That's the only thing that they're doing, which John could easily take over for X amount of dollars a month or whatever. I just – I'm just thinking, like, we have a lot of new expenses now with everything that we're creating. So why don't we just allocate one thing for the other? I'm just trying to use the money wisely. That's all. Yeah, don't worry. That's what we're going to do. We're going to do that. Marco and I are already trying to come up with a plan to get these people to F off without offending them too bad, basically. I mean, really, if they're happy with the articles and we automate the projects, like, do they have a scope of work that they've provided you? Like, can I see the proposal and what they've committed to? Yes. Yeah, we can. Marco, can you send that to John? Yeah, I'll send it to John. Basically, all they're doing is hosting the website. They're supposed to be doing AI stuff. Yeah, I do it. Basically, AI stuff. And they're supposed to be automating the company cam so that our photos are populating into Google automatically, so we're not doing that anymore. Because when we sign with them, they're supposed to be boosting our AI authority, doing back-end stuff to boost our AI authority, whatever that means. Yeah, they're not doing a very good job of that. I know a little bit, but I'm not retarded, but I know a little bit when it comes to this stuff at this point. And I'm like 1% of you, maybe, John, when it comes to the AI self-understanding. But, like, I know enough that they don't really know – you know, I don't think that they're able to do what is necessary on their own. So, I mean – There's a couple of things, John, that they do that you aren't handling at the point. Right now, with what you did with our interface, you're handling, I think, majority of AI already, right? Like, you pretty much took that over with what they were supposed to do with AI. Yeah, they were supposed to do, like, two blog articles, and I don't know if they're going to handwrite them or what the hell they're planning to do with their blogs. But, obviously, we don't need them to do blogs anymore because this is – it's all automated. Exactly. And then the other thing for, like, minor things that – the minor things that will make a little list for you that then you can give us a dollar for of how much you want to take over, maintaining the website. And then we did create, like, little tags and stuff like – yeah, posting, like, little tags. I got a Merchant account. I don't know if you know what Merchant is. Yes. But Merchant basically – all right, so cool. So, Merchant, you know, takes care of our Google My Business, basically. And so, the tags we were doing on CompanyCam was feeding the Google My Business, and they were just tracking it, basically, to make it simple. I'm really doing that for them. That's pretty much it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But Merchant was a tool doing – generating it for them. They were just kind of being on top of it. But we already had Merchant doing the work, basically. Okay. I love it. I need to know a little bit more about it. So, a couple of things I need from you guys, the repair stuff, you're going to test the estimating stuff. Tim's going to get me either a login or your login to your NOAA 5, which is different from what Josh got me access to. Marco, you're going to get me the proposal and scope of work from the Crypt Keeper so I know what their obligations are, what they're supposed to be doing. And potentially a login for Merchant so I can see what's going on there. And I'll be honest with you, I didn't have a chance to test the new creds for CompanyCam. I'll check that out and confirm that. And then there's really no reason. You know, like, I'll just take care of this. This is not a big deal. Let me see what they do. Can I ask how much are they charging you for all this? Two grand. I think it was like $1,500. A month? Right under it. Yeah. You're talking about add-ons. Without the add-ons is what he says. I know. How much are they paying them a month? Right under two grand. Yeah. Right under two grand. Right under two grand for all the crap. This is ridiculous. Guys, I've been talking for a long time, but this is fucked up. Yeah, I know. We know. We charge weightless. I got to deal with it in a way that I don't get fucking someone killing my dog at nighttime or whatever. Yeah. Human feces in my yard. Okay. They're still on, like, the 2016 model of what they do and how they do and what they charge. We'll take care of you. So get me over the information, right? We'll, you know, Vlad and I will review it, and we will, I mean, listen, I could do it for half that and still be fine, you know? It's because that's what I was explaining to them. Like, you already have a model that's automatic, so it doesn't require a lot of, like, hand-holding or doing, which is what they're doing right now. They do everything by hand, right? Yeah, they're doing use your shit when you don't need to anymore. Exactly. You know, here's what we're going to do, is let's let them treat me like I'm the piece of shit and try and correct me. Let's evaluate and see if they bring any value to the table. I'll extract every drop of what might be useful from them, and then we're just going to automate it and be like, okay, we're done. You know, John's going to do it for free. Yeah. Marco is saying maybe let them do, like, one thing and then just take everything else from them, like hosting the website or something like that, and then just... That's a hundred bucks, Tim. You pay a hundred dollars a month for hosting? Just so we can keep... Oh, no, I don't know. Just to keep them happy so they don't kill my dog or whatever, you know? Dude, when you take two grand away from somebody and throw them crumbs, they're not going to be... They're going to be even more resentful, like, you piece of shit. It's all or none, dude. Like, oh, thank you. Like, so I'm reminded that you fucked me every month? Yeah, they're Israeli too, bro. Oh, yeah, so I have nothing against, you know, Jews, especially since they're being recorded, but I'm staying in my best friend's house who's a Jew, but I do have a problem with IDF and the Israeli government. I will say that, you know, and that does not make me anti-Semitic. Now, I will say, every time I try to do business with Israelis, not Jews, Israelis specifically, they are smiling at me while they're cutting my balls off, and I never have a good experience doing business with them. Yeah. So, and I don't mind being recorded saying that. It is anecdotal, and 100% of the time. So... Yes. Gil. Gil's a good one. All right. Well, I think we pretty much got it covered. We will take care of you. We got it all handled. Okay. We can launch this. If you need any other logins, let us know. I think Amber just sent you some more stuff. Cool. Whatever you're missing, just let us know. Yeah, we'll figure that out, and I'm going to follow up with you Wednesday, okay? Or you think maybe Thursday better? Yeah, like I said, we're meeting tomorrow, so we'll go... So Marco, Chris, and I will go over a bunch tomorrow, as far as, like, the workflows and all that. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, then, I think we got it all recorded. I'll draft some notes, and I'll get an email out. Awesome. Okay. All right. Y'all have a great rest of your day. Peace. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you, guys. Bye-bye.