---PERKINS PROTECTOR: TILE RE-ROOF---
Specifications of Proposed Work:
1. Obtain the roofing permit. We do all processing, you pay permit fee(s) only.
2. Tear off existing roof system and dispose of debris.
NOTE: Standard sloped roof demo includes one anchor sheet, one underlayment layer and the roofing cap (shingles/tiles/metal). See Lumber Chart and Terms below for costs to demo additional layers.
3. Replace any damaged or rotten decking wood as needed. An allotment of 100 linear feet of decking wood (total) OR 2 sheets of plywood is included at no additional charge.
NOTE: Please see attached lumber schedule. This lumber schedule is an exhibit to the main contract herein and represents unit pricing for any wood replacement required by code or requested in addition to work during the project.
NOTE: Does not include painting or priming... priming and painting can be done at an additional rate of $4.25 per LF.
4. Re-nail existing decking and / or sheathing using 8d ring shank nails per revised Florida Building Code.
5. Install Polyglass 6" SA Flashing strips at roof terminations and 1/2 sheet SA V FR at valleys prior to metal install.
6. Fabricate, prime, and install factory painted 3" x 3" perimeter drip edge metal (larger sizing or upgrade to stainless steel or copper will be billed at an additional material upgrade cost). This metal is to be fastened every four inches using 1-1/4 inch ring shank nails. Standard Colors: White, Black, Brown, Beige, Terracotta, Mil Finish
7. Check wall flashing metals for damage - if wall flashings need to be replaced, any wall flashings and stucco / wall repairs will be completed and invoiced at $110.00 per man/hr plus the material cost. All remaining good quality "L" flashings will be 3-course sealed with Polyflash 1C and 6" fabric.
8. Install new 16 inch 26 gage galvanized metal in all roof valleys.
9. Replace all plumbing vent flashings.
10. Replace "all purpose" gooseneck ventilators with new.
11. Install top of the line Polyglass TU Plus 80 mil roof tile underlayment.
NOTE: Additional Polyglass MTS Secondary Water Barrier available for upgrade price as provided below.
12. Install 26 gage galvanized hip and ridge anchor metal. 13 inch concrete flat tile, or concrete roll tile, in any standard color. Install tiles set in Dupont Tile Bond tile adhesive. Selection of a more expensive tile will increase the quoted pricing.
NOTE: In non HVHZ counties we can screw tiles in for a savings of another $25 per SQ if preferred.
NOTE: Eagle Standard costs are additional $5.00 per SQ
NOTE: West Lake (Okeechobee and Lake Wales ONLY) Standard costs are an additional $15.00 per SQ
14. Install new hip and ridge tiles and point them up with mortar, your choice of color.
NOTE: Colored Mortar (not gray) will cost an additional $10.00 per SQ
NOTE: Mitered tile option is available for no additional charge upon request.
15. Clean up and haul away debris daily.
NOTE: Price includes 80 mil TU Plus and 3x3 drip metal upgrades w/ ACH-160 dual- component foam (160 mph wind rating).
NOTE: Mechanically fastened and single-component tiles are only rated up to a 110-120 mph wind rating as the failure point.

---ADDITIONAL INFORMATION---
1. All roof work done in accordance with the Florida Building Code.
2. Permitting and processing is done by Perkins Roofing Corp. for no additional fee.
3. Permit and Engineering fees will be an additional charge to the price given below.
4. Owner interference with permitting, inspections or ladders for inspections will result in a re-inspection fee charged by the building department to the owner.
5. During re-roof it is necessary to take down gutters, Perkins Roofing recommends installing a new gutter and downspout system with re-roof. Gutter and Downspout System will be charged in addition to the given price for re-roof if requested. Re-install of existing gutters (if kept) will be charged in addition.
6. Perkins Protection Program: Perkins Roofing has an annual maintenance and discount service available. Please ask your sales representative for more information!
7. Financing is available through RenewPace: 1-888-906-3560

---WARRANTY--- Perkins Roofing Limited Warranty of SEVEN years upon final payment and signed Perkins Roofing Limited Warranty certificate. Polyglass Tile Underlayment Material Warranty of TWENTY years upon final payment. All warranties require free annual maintenance inspections, in order to maintain validity throughout the duration.

---PERKINS BONUS VALUES---
1. Perkins Guarantee Since 1980 ($300 per year, $2,100 value over 7 years)
2. Free Annual Inspections ($350 per year, $2,450 value over 7 years)
3. Transferable Warranty - 1 FREE TRANSFER ($500 value)
4. Perkins Protection Plan ($1,500 value)
--Post work FREE driveway cleaning
--Cover pool, A/C, tiles, driveway, plants, windows, etc. with plywood & tarps throughout project
5. Dedicated Project Manager ($795 value)
6. Priority Permitting and Mobilization ($525 value)
---Guarantee to start within 2 weeks of permit release (unless otherwise desired by homeowner)
7. Post Roof Insurance Inspection ($350 value)
8. 24 Hour Service / Team Chat ($500 value)
9. Urethane Seal Wall Transitions ($1,495 value)
10. Direct Financing Options — see terms ($450 value)
INCLUDED BONUS VALUE: $10,665.00
